doc: add nRF5340 command (#12438)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf53/nrf5340.rst

To build and program a multi-image HEX file, follow the instructions in :ref:`programming_cmd` for the application core sample.

To program the multi-image HEX file, you can use west or nrfjprog.

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: west

      Enter the following command to program multi-image builds for different cores::

        west flash

   .. group-tab:: nrfjprog

>       Enter the following commands program multi-image builds for different cores::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Enter the following commands to program multi-image builds for different cores::
```

        nrfjprog -f NRF53 --program zephyr/merged_domains.hex --recover --verify

      .. note::
         The minimum supported version of nrfjprog for multi-image builds for different cores is 10.21.0.

>          Additionally, the ``--verify`` command confirms that the write succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Additionally, the ``--verify`` command confirms that the write operation has succeeded.
```
may be we could say right operation in this case?
We could move this statement after line no: 496 (out of the note admonitions) since this statement talks about the command, so it suits there.

Author: Hm, I think it is referring to the "writing" operation.
And sure, this could be moved out side of the admonition - there is a similar case on line 531-540 though. It is much longer. With this in mind, should the case on line 531 also be moved? Or should both stay as admonitions for consistency?

To build and program a multi-image HEX file, follow the instructions in :ref:`programming_cmd` for the application core sample.

To program the multi-image HEX file, you must use west.

> You can program multi-image builds for different cores using the following command:

Reviewer: I think we could we have commands for west also mentioned like we have for the Separate images above (in tabs)?

For west and for nrfjprog.

Author: Good idea, I will look into adding this

Reviewer 2: West automatically programs all images in multi-image builds when using "west flash". That is: both app core and net core, as well as any bootloaders, TF-M and etc

> Programming multi-image builds for different cores can be done by using the following nrfjprog command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can program multi-image builds for different cores using the following command:
```
